---
layout: post
title: "Pudefarm.com First Post and Spring 2018 Update!"
date: 2018-05-05 21:21:00 -0500
---
Welcome to [pudefarm.com](http://pudefarm.com). This is a blog about my family and I as we try to make the most of our home and land in upstate New York. The topics we will cover are varied and many, but currently our interests are
* Gardening
* Woodworking
* Sewing
* Beekeeping
* Smart home and home automation
* Small farm animals

Since this is my first update, I won't go into a detailed history, but just sort of jump in and fill in the back story as we go.

## Bees
We are brand new to beekeeping this year.  We started looking into it last year but with Leslie pregnant with our third child, we decided to hold off until this year.  Just this week we got two nuc hives and installed them. Pictures to come!

!(https://i.imgur.com/vfEabQC.jpg)

## Gardening
Spring took its sweet time arriving this year, but I think its finally here.  Today I tilled the garden to get ready for planting.  We moved the garden to a new spot this year after all of the flooding we had last year. Fortunately, my John Deere 1025R with a 48" tiller on the back makes quick work of that. I've tilled a patch about 30' by 60', similar to what we had in the old spot along the creek. That should be more than enough to space to start, but also gives us room to grow


I think that's about all for now. I would like to try to update this blog once a week. Maybe Leslie will help with additional updates, but this is an experiment so we will see!
